      The Pure Queen is known by all as the greatest farm that ever was amongst many other names has many allies that make great funny and spectacular things happen for her first gift was to see and now they know the history, guised as a game, her positive wishes will come to fruition. The dominions will remain and some new dominions will be added. 
    Within the group are so many. Accepted in different locals, if you have reaped any reward or gift from this group you are included and have rights and responsibilities, we take this point very seriously. We don't usually eliminate people from life but we do educate so speak carefully and concisely to us. Do edit for slang and correct miscommunication and misinterpertations hasteily. There is many legs of this group and a proper chain of command. The perks are numerous and so are the restored credits as long as your agreed upon responsibilities are being met. We are a way of life. Some of you have tenor and senority with us but this is not arranged as a democratic organization, not to say you don't have personal choices you do have many, on occasion we all are expected to obey. I also have members of this group I answer too, like any monarchy, I also have people I take advisement from. We don't just do whatever we please to ourselves, to each other or to our stuff. Consent still does matter. If you decide to desolve our relationship. You will go before council and PQ to be heard of what your reasons are, we will do everything in our power to come to a peaceful resolution and seal your membership NDA only to be seen in the event of your murder with our Tiger's Eye and with local detectives as soon as we learn of your murder. with us if disolvement is what is the final decisiom We do look for our people frequently and often and your absense will be noticed. This point does not mean the lab will rebirth the person stat do get you out of sanctions.Perfection and expertise don't take time to execute in our group, but bodies do take some time to grow. Minors also have rights and responsibilities, The queens parents started inheirting within kids 40 years ago and out of love we will continue to love those kids, although the method of love will be scrutinized. Topics to be voted on Sexual Training, financial allocation, Previous rules, Being In vs Being Denounced, Lab Policies that are beneath census line, Violent practices of discipline, Industry standards, Enviornmental changes both our responsibilities, and our previous administrations uneducated missteps, releasing of intellectual property and profitabilty, Home allocation everyone has a home, food, and clean water, We will not be discussing drug use unless the individual is unable to meet responsibilities and no other cause is found. Suicides and spirtual remants from the process of rebirth amongst many other topics, We will not be putting ramifications on who we bring back only that we do and in the case of DNA DELETION, that will be the biggest tribunal we have. 
  FINANCES IS LENGTHY, MINORS DO MAKE MONEY AND RECEIVE CREDITS, housing for children is not hidden during home hours and mandatory, if we ask you to house a child we expect unless you worry about their immediate safety with you, you will SAY YES because they are the future. Biological children within a household should not be treated so much differently then placed children. Placed children are not your personal workforce. If they have a job within your home we expect the job to be compensated at a rate decided on by the majority, If they can spend money then thats appropriate if they are too young for cash or credit cards then things they desire. Once decided you are a suitable home for the individual we will pay for all the kids needs in the home. New Topic paying for rebirths for numerous reasons will be discussed at nauseam. All these discussions will be closed doors unless a member wants to start a tribunal about a topic. 
